Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Okay. listen up.
The discovery of this
vehicle may have a link
to the disappearance of
Claire Harris and David Miers.
We're going to track sweep 50
metres either side of this road.
looking for anything
out of the ordinary
food wrappings.
items of clothing.
anything that doesn't belong.
If you find something.
fire off a shot.
Good luck.
Okey-dokey. I've
shored up the track.
I'm going to bring
the tow truck in
and winch her out of there.
Where do you want it?
Can you put it in your back lot?
Sure thing.
Crime Scene will get to
it in the next day or two.
What have you found?
There's an old
water tank up there.
It's gravity fed.
pretty well irrigated.
That crop's near
full grown. I reckon.
And these two aren't
very talkative.
How long have you been here?
Oh...
You use this to
scare people off.
There's more of them. Clears
up the Ghillie man story.
Were you out the other night?
East of Mitchell's Spur?
They've gone missing.
somewhere up around here.
They look familiar?
Hey! Oi! Take a look.
Hey. Sarge!
- That's not ours.
- Shut up!
- I've never even seen...
- Shut up. you fucking idiot!
I found a vehicle hidden.
a few Ks from here.
I don't see any other cars.
How did you boys get up here?
Get around? Looks like
you're pretty well supplied.
This in case someone stumbles
upon the crop. like them?
We haven't seen those people.
But the guy who hired
us gave us the gun.
He brings us up supplies
every couple of weeks.
Guy. what guy? What's his name?
We've got no idea.
He just leaves food
down by the track.
We hardly ever see him.
We get paid to watch it
and water it. That's all.
What's he look like?
He's got a massive beard
and heaps of tatts.
They're going to
stink that cell out.
The boys are on ice
until the Drug Squad
gets up here tomorrow.
There's no way
they're behind this.
The young bloke's
shitting bricks.
I want to know who this guy is.
He would've kept eyes on the
crop. protecting his interests.
Stockman's hut.
Well that's 12Ks away.
Similar distance to the track
Jean Grierson was hiking.
If she stepped off the
trail and got lost.
she could have headed
in that direction.
And then there's Michael Novak.
the guy who ran out of petrol.
Timbertops is all
the way down here.
Yeah. but who's to say this
is the only marijuana crop?
Well. we didn't find any when
we searched for the bloke.
Where'd you look?
All through here. We figured
he went up to the summit
to try and find phone reception.
That's still a lot
of bush. Brett.
Well. what can we do now?
Move the search
team to Timbertop
and see what they turn up.
Okay.
Hi. how are you?
You seen Damien Starc since
he put you in his truck?
Now Kayden. you do know
that lying to a policeman
is against the law.
Haven't seen him.
But you have spoken to him.
Hmm. on the phone?
Just on Clinker.
Clinker! What the
hell's Clinker?
It's an app.
He's High Elf
Gringleback. I'm Borg 364.
- Heya.
- Hey.
What a weekend. I am exhausted.
- I got hit by a car.
- You what?
Yeah. long story short.
I spent the night
up on the mountain.
leaving Kirra here all alone.
Jesus. but you're okay?
- I had to put Archie down.
- What?
Broke his leg. I had no choice.
Oh God. I'm so. so sorry.
Oh.
Hmm.
What?
We found a marijuana crop today.
Big one. in the bush.
Kirra obviously
survived without us.
Yeah.
Kee! I'm home.
Hey.
Are you going through my stuff?
No. You dumped this
in the kitchen.
They were handed out at Sex
Ed today. What's the big deal?
You were given condoms
at school. You're 14!
Give them to me.
No. I'm calling them first
thing in the morning.
Why are you so uptight?
Are you having sex?
Hey! Hey!
Who with? That boy. Ben?
The one we banned
you from seeing.
You can't ban me
from seeing anyone.
It's not 1984.
It's a book. You should read it.
Oh. I have read it.
You can't keep protecting me.
You forced me to move up here.
We are trying to
keep you safe. Kirra.
You smother me.
I can hardly breathe.
You won't let me grow up.
I don't want anything
bad to happen to you.
Because you. fucking
killed Charlie!
She didn't mean it.
Yes she did. That bitch knows
how to press my buttons.
I remember what I was like
when I was her age. Do you?
Seriously?
You think it's okay. do you.
that she's having sex at 14?
No. I just...
I think you could have
handled it a bit better.
Oh. okay.
Says the cool mum
who's always at work.
That's not fair.
Yeah. because I wasn't home
24/7 like I usually am.
Are you lashing out at
me because of the pot.
or is it Kirra too?
Some people at The
Farm. they smoke it.
If I smell of pot. that's why.
Okay.
Fuck it. I'm going to bed.
I can't talk to
anyone in this house.
Gringleback.
Come on. Damien.
Yes! Yes!
Well...
Yes!
Yes. yes!
Righto.
Got you. you bastard.
I'm off.
You want a coffee?
I'll have one when
I get to The Farm.
I want to get a
full day's work in.
I'd rather you didn't go.
It's worth your sobriety. is it?
It's just pot. babe.
Nobody gives a stuff about pot.
- I do.
- Well. you're a cop.
Pot leads to alcohol
and then you're back to
where you were 12 years ago.
Is that what you want?
I will not be made to
feel guilty about this.
So you're willing to risk it?
Yeah. I'm an adult. I get to
make my own shitty decisions.
Look...
For years I thought I
would never work again.
I was paralysed with
fear and self-loathing.
I thought I'd lost
that part of my life.
and since I've met
Rose. I have...
I've rediscovered this
passion and it feels good.
I love it.
What about Kirra. and us?
Right. so it's okay for you
to be obsessed with your work.
but when it comes to
mine. it's a problem?
I might be back tonight
and I might not.
Depends if I'm on a roll.
What is it Rez?
Mr. Griggs. I'm Andy Whit...
The new Sarge. Yeah.
You called the
station. reported...
Rachel missing. yeah.
When did you see her last?
Sunday before last. She went
to the pub. didn't come home.
It took you over a week to
report your daughter missing.
Rachel's nearly 40. I'm
not her bloody keeper.
She always lived with you?
On and off. Mostly off.
You want to come in?
It is not unusual for her to
hook up with some deadbeat
and go on a bender.
But not for this long?
Not without checking in.
- Can I have this?
- Yep.
And you tried calling her?
Only about 50 times.
Can I have a look through here?
Yep.
Rachel works on the
ski-lifts part-time.
and only in the
bloody snow season.
Rachel's a drug user?
She's not a dealer. If that's
what you're getting at.
Does she have a car?
She lost her licence.
How does she get
home from the pub?
She walks.
It's only about a
K down the road.
I'm trawling the road
Rachel walks to and
from the pub. Rez.
Could be related to what
happened to Rose De Vigny.
Copy that. Sarge.
It's me. you goose.
Yeah. what?
Right. I want you to
leave the call open. okay.
Don't hang it up. Just put
the phone in your pocket.
and that way I can listen
and record everything.
Why?
Just trust me. okay?
Listen. I'm going to be right
here. okay? Not far away.
I won't let anything
bad happen to you.
I'm making you my
Deputy. Kayden.
That's a very
important position.
How much does the
Deputy get paid?
There you go.
You're a charger!
Kay. stay where I can see you.
Okay.
We've closed off the road.
Spoke to a couple of witnesses.
Rachel was definitely
wearing jeans at the pub
with these things on.
I've called hospitals
from Mansfield to Benalla.
There's no sign of her.
Okay. what's the
name of the guy again
that owns this Hyundai?
Lachie Francis. he
works up on Buller.
You said he didn't know
it had been stolen. right?
Yeah. not until I told him we
found it dumped in the bush.
Okay. call Crime Scene.
I need them here today.
Then go get this Francis
guy and bring him in.
and see if the DNA on
the bladder's come back.
Sergeant Whitford. Hey Sarge.
we're about 3K south of
where Novak's car was found.
Yeah. and?
And you were right.
There's an area of bush that
looks like it's been cleared.
I guess there could have
been a drug crop here
at some point in time.
Okay. document the site.
log its GPS and snap
plenty of photos.
- I've got Mr. Francis. Sarge.
- Great.
Can you head towards
the cells. please.
This him?
Hey. hey. we didn't give you up.
- It wasn't us.
- What the fuck!
Let's go.
Come on. Come on.
Where the fuck are ya?
Huh?
Come on.
Russell?
What the hell's going on. Sam?
Why are you watching my son?
What are you doing here?
I saw some messages
on Kayden's phone.
I monitor his apps.
That little shit's
meeting the pedo here.
No! Russ!
Hey wait! Russell.
I set this up. okay.
It wasn't Kayden.
What do you mean?
I sent Starc those messages.
pretended to be your boy.
- Kayden's helping me.
- Helping you what?
Well. what do you think?
Catch the bastard.
You're using my son as bait?
I'm here. He's safe. I've
never taken my eyes off.
Kayden!
Kays!
What?
Where were you?
I was just taking a piss.
Kayden. Oh shit.
I'm Sam's Deputy. Dad.
He gave me 50 bucks.
Come on. mate.
How many drug crops do
you look after. Lachie?
I work maintenance at
the Alpine Village.
I service the ski-lifts.
Drug Squad aren't too far away.
How long do you reckon
those guys will hold out?
Especially the young fella.
He's shitting himself.
Now. there's one here
near Mitchell's Spur.
Another old one is
here on Timbertop.
both in the vicinity where a
bunch of people went missing.
Who do you work for?
I reckon it's not someone
you want to disappoint.
Why didn't you tell us
your car was stolen?
Didn't know it was gone.
I never use it up in the
mountain when I'm working.
Keep it in the garage.
Rachel Griggs. You know her?
Jesus. who doesn't?
She's gone missing. Left the
pub. alone. Sunday before last.
Yeah. no way.
Rachel works on Buller
three months of the year.
From all reports. she
drinks more than she earns.
but somehow she's got 30
grand in rolled up cash.
No fucking way.
I bet it's a pretty lucrative
market up there in winter.
Does she deal for you.
Lachie? Did she rip you off?
Do I get a phone call? I
get a phone call. right?
Maybe you had a
fallout over money.
Did you mow her
down in your car?
I want that fucking phone call.
Drug Squad are here.
Give him his phone call.
Oh. the expensive stuff.
What are we celebrating?
Well. I have an announcement.
I took a photo of
Helen's painting.
'Nude Rose'!
And I sent it to Benedict
Rowland in Melbourne.
You didn't?
He called me straight away.
demanding to know
who the artist was.
and when I told him it was
Helen Hartley. he was thrilled.
Are you serious?
Mmm. he wants half a dozen
pieces for his gallery.
I don't have half a dozen.
Well you've got four
months to get them ready.
Four months? No!
You have to rent
out the cottage.
No. you have to keep
up the momentum.
You are on the cusp of something
amazing. I just know it.
Damien. give Helen a
reading. Reassure her.
No. no.
Yes. you just need some
validation. Go on. Damien.
I'm not really in
the right headspace.
Oh nonsense.
- I've had a few drinks.
- Well. I'll pay you if you want.
I think I owe you far
too much already. Rose.
Oh. just give her a reading.
I'm not a performing
fucking monkey.
Oh. well. you don't have to be
a performing fucking monkey.
to know that Helen Hartley
is destined for great things.
Cheers.
There's a high flying
bird Way up in the sky.
And I wonder does he Look
down as he flies on by.
He's floating on the
air So easy in the sky.
But Lord Look at me here.
Oh I'm rooted Like a tree here.
Hey look at me here.
Hey look at me.
Oh Lord look at me.
Oh look at me Oh
Lord look at me.
Oh I'm rooted Like a tree here.
Hey look at me here
Hey look at me.
I've got those sit
down I can't cry.
Oh Lord I'm gonna die. blues.
Fuck!
No. no. no. no. It's okay.
It's okay. They're gone.
Well. you were right.
Grant next door
found a pig in his
paddock. minus its head.
Any ideas who'd want to do this?
Well. I accused Damien Starc
the other day of
trying to kill me.
He arced up and called me a pig.
What do you want to do about it?
Oh. nothing tonight.
I need to be here with Kirra.
First thing tomorrow
I'll go see him.
- Okay.
- Thanks Brett.
Come on boys.
Jesus Christ!
Where's Mum?
I guess she decided
to stay at The Farm.
Why?
Must have been on a roll.
Sorry. Kee.
Your mum. she's really
talented. She is.
Can I sleep here tonight?
You sure can. Come here.
Everything's going
to be all right. Kee.
This was just someone
letting me know
how pissed off they are.
- You know who did this?
- Pretty sure.
And now they've made their
point. they'll leave us alone.
So where were you this evening?
You said you weren't going
to be home until 9:00.
You were with Ben.
Far out. Kirra.
Yeah. luckily!
Otherwise I would've
walked in on that
psycho.
Good point.
But you know how your mother
feels about you having sex.
Hmm.
For a lesbian convert
she's totally stitched up.
Hey. I agree with her.
She's your mum. She's
worried about you.
You can't diss her for
someone you just met.
You don't get it.
I'm in love with him. Andie.
He's the best thing
that's happened to me.
that's happened to me
since I've gotten
to this shit hole.
Come here. Come here!
Kirra?!
What's going on?
You can't take her!
You going somewhere?
The stupid school camp.
Oh yeah. I forgot about that.
I'll give you a lift in.
All good. Lily's mum's
picking up at the corner.
How about some breakfast?
I can make us some eggs and
bacon.
Hmm. tempting.
Absolutely. So excited.
Didn't I tell you?
Yes. perfect timing I would say.
Oh. I guarantee...
It's a dream come true.
You won't be disappointed.
Yes. of course.
I'll keep you updated.
I'll give you those dates.
Good morning.
I want to talk to you.
Is this your idea of
some sick fucking joke?
You're insane.
I'm tired of your
bullshit and your lies.
Fuck off and leave me alone.
Come on you motherfucker. Talk!
You killed him. didn't you?
You killed little Luke.
You bastard!
Anyone near the bait shop?
An assault has been
called in. Over.
That fucker could
have killed me.
I told you he was dangerous
and you did nothing.
Did you break in
and leave a pig's head
on my kitchen bench?
Why would I do that?
You called me a fucking
pig the other day.
Yeah. you accused me of a
whole bunch of bullshit.
I did not break into your house.
You're going to have to
account for your whereabouts
from yesterday afternoon.
right up until 9:00 PM.
Or you can just ask your wife.
I was with her.
You got to be
fucking kidding me.
It's him you should
be arresting. not me!
You can cool your jets
while I do the paperwork.
What's going on. Sarge?
I'm charging him with assault.
Go get a statement
from Damien Starc. Go!
Any prints from last night?
He must've worn gloves.
Where are Francis
and the crop minders?
The Drug Squad came
and got the minders.
and Francis was
bailed out last night.
Who'd he call?
No idea. but for a clean skin
he's got some powerful friends.
Let's get out of here.
I guess now she realises
that I was right.
and Starc sucked her in with
all this psychic bullshit.
She was never sucked in. Brett.
She just wanted
him to think that.
I'm not sure about
that. you see...
- Haven't you got work to do?
- Yeah.
So. you've come to your senses?
I'm releasing you on summons.
You're actually charging me?
Of course I'm
bloody charging you.
I just talked to Russell Shanks.
He made a complaint about you.
Using an eight-year-old
kid as bait.
- Okay. I made a mistake.
- You sure did.
What the hell is it
with you in that case?
I know what Starc did!
It was you I was
trying to protect.
I don't need your protection.
Jesus Christ!
Hey. it's me again. Kirra
went off to camp okay.
I'm home. I'm hoping
you'll come home tonight.
Um. we need to talk. Bye.
Lachie. what the
fuck are you doing?
Ah. what the fuck are you doing?
You're on a drug charge
and now it's kidnapping.
Lachie. you're making this a
whole lot worse for yourself.
Oh fuck!
You got a big mouth. Lachie.
Dominic Schaeffer!
Nothing better to do today?
It's good to see you.
Did you enjoy Lachie's
housewarming gift?
You're not here to talk
about housewarming gifts
or your crop.
I don't give a fuck
about that crop.
This is about family.
My son. they almost beat
him to death. in prison.
I'm sorry that happened to him.
And I'm relieved
that he's alive.
Living to see another day.
But we never know what
tomorrow will bring.
True.
Very true.
How's your family?
- Andie!
- Sam?
Are you okay?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. It's
Schaeffer. he's got a gun!
Sam. hurry!
Sam!
What's wrong?
Fuck!
You stupid old man.
Sam?
Sam. what is it? What's wrong?
Heart...
Well. this is a
bit embarrassing.
It's just a touch of angina.
Don't bullshit me. Sam. I
just spoke with your doctor.
Don't listen to anything
that silly quack tells you.
Congestive heart failure.
He said it's progressive.
Well he's given me at
least another year.
Maybe more if I take it easy.
How long have you known?
A while.
You alright?
Schaeffer admitted to the pig's
head. so it wasn't Damien.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. I crossed
the line with Damien.
Kayden too.
How did you know where I was?
Well I was filthy on
you for charging me.
Then something made me
realise that you were right.
My obsession with Damien
was destroying
everything I cared about.
I was heading to your
place to apologise.
Then this car drove past me.
It was Schaeffer.
I recognised him.
so I followed him.
And I'm so glad you did.
Me too.
Don't you leave me.
He's a tough old bugger.
How was he when you left?
Still giving me grief.
I'm sorry.
How was last night?
You were obviously on a roll.
I decided to take a break today.
I spoke to Owen.
and he agrees with us
that they're too young.
What's wrong?
Um...
How did it happen?
Sam's heart attack.
He was out fishing. I think.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
Must have been
all that exertion.
Yeah. yep.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today